docs/Custom-Fitness/Custom-Fitness-Program.md, before:

# **Custom Fitness Program**

## **Introduction**

Custom Fitness Program is a personalised training program created manually for individual customers.

Few features to keep in mind about Custom Fitness Program:

-   This is a 1-on-1 personal training program.
-   It is allotted to single customer manually by going to the backend admin panel.
-   A trainer is assigned to the customer. The trainer will discuss the customer's requirement through a questionnaire.
-   Once, the requirements are finalised, a customised program is designed.
-   Only 1 Program Section can be assigned to 1 custom fitness program. 

## **Create Custom Fitness Program**

*   <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a>
*   Login with the given credentials.
*   Click on **Custom Fitness Program** tab on left side panel

![CFP](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/CFP.jpg)

### **Create new program**

*   Click -> **Add New**

![add new](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/addnew.jpg)

*   Add Title -> Enter name here

   ![add title](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/addtitle.jpg)

### **Programs Fields**

*   Programs Image - Here you can upload the program image which will show on the frontend.

![prog image](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/progimage.jpg)

### **Programs Program Section**

In this section:

-   Connect existing program section
-   Sequence of the program section should be maintained

![prog sect](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/progsect.jpg)


1. Click -> **Connect existing Program Section**
2. Choose the program from the list
3. Click -> **Save**

![connect prog](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/connectprog.jpg)


### **Programs Customers**

In this section:

-   Connect existing Customers
-   Sequence of the program should be maintained

![prog cust](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/progcust.jpg)

1. Click -> **Connect existing customer**
2. Choose the customer name from the list
3. Make sure you choose the customer name with details like email id and phone number.
4. Click -> **Save**

![connect cust](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/connectcust.jpg)


## **Publish**

Once all the connection is done:

-   Click on Publish on the right side panel.
-   Changes will be saved.

![publish](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/publish.jpg)


## **Warning**

-   Do not allot one customer's program section to the other customer.
-   Doing so, the program section from the original customer's profile will get disconnected.

Commit message:

commit - 3rd dec
Subscriptions
Goal Based Fitness Plan
Structural changes to all files

docs/Custom-Fitness/Custom-Fitness-Program.md, after:

# **Custom Fitness Program**

To create the 1-on-1 Personal Training plan/ Custom Fitness plan, the final step is to create the program which will link the respective lectures and program sections. In this section, we will see how to do the same

## **Create Custom Fitness Program**

*   <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a>
*   Login with the credentials.
*   Click -> **Custom Fitness Program** tab on left side panel

   ![CFP](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/CFP.jpg)

###   **Add New**

*   Click -> **Add New**

   ![add new](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/addnew.jpg)

## **Custom Program Settings**

###   **Add Title**

*   Enter Name for the program

   ![add title](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/addtitle.jpg)

### **Programs Fields**

Update the below field under this section:

####  **Programs Image** 

-  Upload the program image which will show on the frontend.

   ![prog image](../images\Custom-Fitness-Program\progimage.jpg)

### **Programs Program Section**

In this section:

-   Connect existing program section
-   Sequence of the program section should be maintained - this is 

![prog sect](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/progsect.jpg)

####  **Connect Existing Program Section**

1. Click -> **Connect existing Program Section**
2. Choose the program from the list
3. Enter the Position number - This decides the sequence in which the Program sections will appear on frontend.
4. Click -> **Save**

![connect prog](../images\Custom-Fitness-Program\connectprog.jpg)

**Result:** On the frontend, Program Sections are displayed as below:

![final](../images\Custom-Fitness-Program\final.jpg)

### **Programs Customers**

In this section:

-   Connect existing Customers
-   Sequence of the program should be maintained

![prog cust](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/progcust.jpg)

####  **Connect Existing Customer**

1. Click -> **Connect existing customer**
2. Choose the customer name from the list
3. Make sure you choose the customer name with details like email id and phone number.
4. Click -> **Save**

![connect cust](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/connectcust.jpg)


## **Publish**

Once all the connection is done:

-   Click on Publish on the right side panel.
-   Changes will be saved.

![publish](../images/Custom-Fitness-Program/publish.jpg)


## :warning: **Caution**

Keep in mind the below warnings:

-   Do not allot one customer's program section to the other customer.
-   Doing so, the program section from the original customer's profile will get disconnected.
