docs/Pre-Recorded-Class.md, before:

# **Pre Recorded Class**

## **Introduction**

Pre-Recorded Class is an interactive class which enables the customers to take care of their fitness goals from anywhere, anytime.

These are pre-recorded sessions hosted on Vimeo, for which the Crush Fitness India adminstrator can upload the link on the website.

Below is the step-by-step guide to create Pre-Recorded Class.

## **Create Pre-Recorded Class**

*   <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a>
*   Login with the given credentials.
*   Click -> **Pre Recorded Class** 

    ![pre recorded class](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/prerecordedclass.jpg)

*   Click -> **Add new**

    ![add new](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/addnew.jpg)

##  **Pre-Recorded Class Settings**


### **Add Title** 

-   Enter Name of Class

![add name](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/addname.jpg)

### **Recorded Class Details**

Under this section, following fields need to be edited:

####    **Add Video URL**

Follow the below steps to add a video Url:

1.  Go to -> **Vimeo.com**
2.  Click on the required video
3.  Copy the video link
4.  Paste in the Video Url field

    ![vimeo url](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/vimeourl.jpg)
    
####    **Add Video Duration** 

-   Enter the video duration in minutes.
-   This is used to manage for how long can customer stream this video.

####    **Start Date/Time**

*   Enter Start Date/Time for the class.

![recorded class details](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/recordedclassdetails.jpg)  


### **Enable Purchase**

-   Tick the **Enable Purchase** check box

    ![enable purchase](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/enablepurchase.jpg)

### **Regular Price**

-   CLick -> **Regular Price** 
-   Enter an amount

    ![regular price](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/regularprice.jpg)

### **Product Categories** 

-   Select the Product Template with the same name to be connected with the product.

![prod cat](images\Pre-Recorded-Class\prodcat.jpg)

**Note** - **Do not select the Parent Category here**

### **Publish**

-   Click on **Publish**

    ![publish](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/publish.jpg)

-   Once the meeting is published, a Product id & Product Name is created.

    ![product id](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/productid.jpg)

-   Click -> **Product Id#** - This will direct you to the product page.

![prodid](images\Zoom\prodid.jpg)

##  **Product Page**

Once you are on the Product Page, edit the following fields:

###   **Visibility** 

- Tick the check box to enable Homepage Visibility. This is a very **important and mandatory** step.

    ![visibility](images\Zoom\visibility.jpg)

###    **Product Categories**

-   Select **only** the Parent Category (Group Fitness) here.

    ![prodcat1](images\Zoom\prodcat1.jpg)

###    **Product Template**

This is the last section located at the bottom of the page. This allows the integration between the Product/class and the product template. Follow below steps:

-   Go to -> **Product Template**
-   Click -> **Connect existing Product Template**
-   From the list select the corresponding template.

![prod template](images\Zoom\prodtemplate.jpg)



## **Update**

*   Click **Update** to save the changes.

![update](images\Zoom\update.jpg)



## **Note**

All the Pre-recorded Classes card from the dashboard are set to expire/stop exactly at double the time of the class duration.

Class Validity = (Class duration in minutes)*2

E.g. If the duration of class is 30 minutes, then the Card will be visible on the dashboard for 60 mins.

Commit message:

commit - 3rd dec
Subscriptions
Goal Based Fitness Plan
Structural changes to all files

docs/Pre-Recorded-Class.md, after:

# **Pre Recorded Class**

## **Introduction**

Pre-Recorded Class is an interactive class which enables the customers to take care of their fitness goals from anywhere, anytime.

These are pre-recorded sessions hosted on Vimeo, for which the Crush Fitness India adminstrator can upload the link on the website.

Below is the step-by-step guide to create Pre-Recorded Class.

## **Create Pre-Recorded Class**

*   <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a>
*   Login with the credentials.
*   Click -> **Pre Recorded Class** 

    ![pre recorded class](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/prerecordedclass.jpg)

### **Add New**

*   Click -> **Add new**

    ![add new](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/addnew.jpg)

##  **Pre-Recorded Class Settings**

Follow the below instructions to set up the class:

### **Add Title** 

-   Enter Name of Class

    ![add name](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/addname.jpg)

### **Recorded Class Details**

Under this section, following fields need to be edited:

####    **Video URL**

Follow the below steps to add a video Url:

1.  Go to -> **Vimeo.com**
2.  Click on the required video
3.  Copy the video link
4.  Paste in the Video Url field

    ![vimeo url](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/vimeourl.jpg)
    
####    **Video Duration** 

-   Enter the video duration in minutes.
-   This is used to manage for how long can a customer stream this video.

####    **Start Date/Time**

*   Enter Start Date/Time for the class.

    ![recorded class details](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/recordedclassdetails.jpg)  


### **Enable Purchase**

-   Go to -> **WooCommerce Integration** on right side panel
-   Tick :white_check_mark: the **Enable Purchase** check box

    ![enable purchase](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/enablepurchase.jpg)

### **Regular Price**

-   Go to -> **WooCommerce Integration** on right side panel   
-   CLick -> **Regular Price** 
-   Enter an amount

    ![regular price](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/regularprice.jpg)

### **Product Categories** 

-   Go to -> **Product Categories**
-   Select :white_check_mark: the Product Template with the same name to be connected with the product.

    ![prod cat](images\Pre-Recorded-Class\prodcat.jpg)

**Note** - **Do not select the Parent Category here**

### **Publish**

-   Click on **Publish** to save the changes.

    ![publish](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/publish.jpg)

-   Once the meeting is published, a Product id & Product Name is created.

    ![product id](images/Pre-Recorded-Class/productid.jpg)

-   Click -> **Product Id#** - This will direct you to the product page.

    ![prodid](images\Zoom\prodid.jpg)

##  **Product Page**

On the Product Page, edit the following fields:

###   **Visibility** 

- Tick :white_check_mark: the check box to enable Homepage Visibility. This is a very **important and mandatory** step.

    ![visibility](images\Zoom\visibility.jpg)

###    **Product Categories**

-   Go to -> **Product Categories** on right side panel
-   Select :white_check_mark: **only** the Parent Category (Group Fitness) here.

    ![prodcat1](images\Zoom\prodcat1.jpg)

###    **Product Template**

This is the last section located at the bottom of the page. This allows the integration between the Product/class and the product template. Follow below steps:

####    **Connect Existing Product Template**

-   Go to -> **Product Template**
-   Click -> **Connect existing Product Template**
-   From the list select the corresponding template.

    ![prod template](images\Zoom\prodtemplate.jpg)



## **Update**

*   Click **Update** to save the changes.

    ![update](images\Zoom\update.jpg)



## **Note**

All the Pre-recorded Classes card from the dashboard are set to expire/stop exactly at double the time of the class duration.

Class Validity = (Class duration in minutes)*2

E.g. If the duration of class is 30 minutes, then the Card will be visible on the dashboard for 60 mins.
