docs/Product-Category.md, before:

#   **Product Category**

##  **What is a Product Category?**

Product category is the most important key in how you present, organize and sell your products.

Key features about Product Category:

-   A category gives the opportunity to group products easily. A parent category can have multiple sub-categories.
-   Each category and/or subcategory is like a folder that contains:
    -   A list of products inside
    -   Other folders inside (subcategories)
    -   Both a list of products and other folders inside
-   A product category is the key link in setting up programs/classes and further features.
-   Products/classes are placed "inside" categories, and customers can browse through each category to find products of interest.
-   All top level categories will be visible when a visitor first enters the main catalog
-   Subcategories will only be visible when a user clicks on the "parent" category

A sample of a parent category and its sub-categories is shown below:

![sample categories](images\Product-Category\samplecategories.jpg)

>   Note: If for a certain class/program, category is not chosen, then it will show as uncategorised.


In this section, we will see how to add a new category.

##  **Create Product Category**

To add a new category, follow the below steps:

1.  <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to -> online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a> 
2.  On left side panel, Click -> **Products** -> **Categories** - you will be taken to the Add New Category page.

![dashboard](images\Product-Category\dashboard.jpg)

3.  The below fields are required to be updated:

### **Name**

Enter the name of the category you want to display. For eg: "Kids Special" 

![Name](images\Product-Category\name.jpg)

### **Parent Category**

The Parent category would be the category under which the created category would be placed in order to create a hierarchy. In this case, always choose "**Group Fitness**"

![parent cat](images\Product-Category\parentcat.jpg)

### **Display Type**

The display type should be selected as "**Default**"

![display type](images\Product-Category\displaytype.jpg)

4.  Click -> **Add New Category** button

    ![click button](images\Product-Category\savecat.jpg)

Once the above steps are complete, the "Kids Special" category will be added under the Group Fitness category.

**This "Kids Special" category would be helpful when creating a Zoom/pre-recorded class for kids.**

Commit message:

commit - 3rd dec
Subscriptions
Goal Based Fitness Plan
Structural changes to all files

docs/Product-Category.md, after:

#   **Product Category**

##  **What is a Product Category?**

Product category is the most important key in how you present, organize and sell your products.

Key features about Product Category:

-   A category gives the opportunity to group products easily. A parent category can have multiple sub-categories.
-   Each category and/or subcategory is like a folder that contains:
    -   A list of products inside
    -   Other folders inside (sub-categories)
    -   Both a list of products and other folders inside
-   A product category is the key link in setting up programs/classes and further features.
-   Products/classes are placed "inside" categories, and customers can browse through each category to find products of interest.
-   All top level categories will be visible when a visitor first enters the main catalog
-   Subcategories will only be visible when a user clicks on the "parent" category

A sample of a parent category and its sub-categories is shown below:

![sample categories](images\Product-Category\samplecategories.jpg)

>   Note: If for a certain class/program, category is not chosen, then it will show as uncategorised.

### **How Different Categories Function**

Let's understand the function of categories at CFI.

At CFI, there are 3 main cateogries offered, namely:

-   Goal Based Fitness Plans
-   1-on-1 Personal Training
-   Group Fitness

Each of these are have different Parent and sub-categories.



In this section, we will see how to add a new category.

##  **Create Product Category**

To add a new category, follow the below steps:

1.  <a href="https://online.crushfitnessindia.com/wp-admin" target="_blank">**Go to -> online.crushfitnessindia.com**</a> 
2.  On left side panel, Click -> **Products** -> **Categories** - you will be taken to the Add New Category page.

![dashboard](images\Product-Category\dashboard.jpg)

3.  The below fields are required to be updated:

### **Name**

Enter the name of the category you want to display. For eg: "Kids Special" 

![Name](images\Product-Category\name.jpg)

### **Parent Category**

The Parent category would be the category under which the created category would be placed in order to create a hierarchy. In this case, always choose "**Group Fitness**"

![parent cat](images\Product-Category\parentcat.jpg)

### **Display Type**

The display type should be selected as "**Default**"

![display type](images\Product-Category\displaytype.jpg)

4.  Click -> **Add New Category** button

    ![click button](images\Product-Category\savecat.jpg)

Once the above steps are complete, the "Kids Special" category will be added under the Group Fitness category.

**This "Kids Special" category would be helpful when creating a Zoom/pre-recorded class for kids.**
